Add docs for activity graph (#262)
nest-desktop/nest-desktop: docs/user/activity-graph.rst

.. image:: ../_static/img/screenshots/activity-chart-graph-analog.png
  :target: #chart-graph-of-analog-signals

By default it shows traces of the analog signals as a function of time.
A panel with histogram of values can be added when you select it in :guilabel:`+ ADD PANEL` Dropdown menu.

You can add more recorded signal to the panel when it comes from ``multimeter``.
Node records appearing as chip allow you to change its colors of the traces as well as of the bars.

|

.. _animation-graph-of-analog-signals:

**Animation graph of analog signals**

It can display an animated 3D graph for the spatial network forming layers in topology
whose neurons have geographical positions.

.. image:: ../_static/img/screenshots/activity-anim-graph-analog.png
  :target: #animation-graph-of-analog-signals

Values of the analog signals can be visualized in colors of recorded targets.
Here, it shows the color map ``spectral`` for the value scales (from min to max).
You can change the color map in the select menu between input fields of min and max values.

Additionally, an other geometry model (box or sphere) can be chosen.

> Just play with different specification for the animation graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend trying out many different options
for the animation graph to find the best representation,
as the optimal ones depend heavily on the simulation data
and the intended use of the visualization.
```

|

Spike activity
--------------

Spike events contain times and ids of the senders collected by the ``spike recorder``.

.. _chart-graph-of-spike-activity:

**Chart graph of spike activity**

.. image:: ../_static/img/screenshots/activity-chart-graph-spike.png
  :target: #chart-graph-of-spike-activity

> By default it shows raster plot of the spike times as well as a histogram for spike times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, a raster plot of the spike times as well as a histogram for spike times is shown.
```

> More panel models are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Further panel models are:
```

 - histogram of spike senders,

>  - histogram of interspike-intervals

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - histogram of interspike-intervals and
```

 - histogram of coefficient of variation (:math:`CV_{ISI}`).

|

.. _animation-graph-of-spike-activity:

**Animation graph of spike activity**

.. image:: ../_static/img/screenshots/activity-anim-graph-spike.png
  :target: #animation-graph-of-spike-activity

> Spikes can be visualized as transient blob appearence in the 3D animated graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spikes can be visualized as transient blobs appearing in the 3D animated graph.
```

> To better follow spike activity, trail length can be increased.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To follow spike activity better, the trail length can be increased.
```

> Optionally, trails can be faded after spike time,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, trails can be faded after the spike time,
```

> as well as the growing or shrinking mode can be applied

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and a growing or shrinking mode can also be applied.
```
